Add collection release cycle documentation (#20)
ansible-collections/cloud-content-handbook: Release/release_collections.md

# Release cycle for supported collections

> Supported collections must have an up to date `requires_ansible` version in their `meta/runtime.yml` file. This update is a breaking change and requires making a new major version release. For collections that are also released in the ansible community package, new major versions must be released shortly before a new version of ansible-core. In order to find a solution that fulfills both of these competing requirements, the following release schedule should be used:

Reviewer: I would suggest adding a "why" here.  Something like:
```suggestion
Supported collections must have an up to date `requires_ansible` version in their `meta/runtime.yml` file. This update is a breaking change and requires making a new major version release. For collections that are also released in the ansible community package, new major versions must be released shortly before a new version of ansible-core due to the tightly overlapping freeze and release windows for core and the community package. In order to find a solution that fulfills both of the competing requirements between certification and community inclusion, the following release schedule should be used:
```

I feel like my edit creates confusion with what "both" means in the following sentence, so some additional clarity as well.

Author: I tried to clarify this. Let me know if it's any better.
